When your assignment is complete, please answer the questions in this text file and upload it to I-Learn.

1. Please list the 5 rules you found with the highest support.
The lowest support was .047, the highest was .075
	Other vegetables and whole milk.
	Rolls/buns and whole milk.
	Yogurt and whole milk.
	Root vegetables and whole milk.
	Root vegetables and other vegetables.

2. Please list the 5 rules you found with the highest confidence.
All of these implications produce a confidence of 1.
	rice and sugar implies milk
	canned fish and hygiene articles implies milk
	root vegetables, butter, and rice implies milk
	cream cheese, domestic eggs, and sugar implies milk
	citrus fruit, soft cheese, and root vegetables implies other vegetables

3. Please list the 5 rules you found with the highest lift.
The highest of these lifts was 11.2, the lowest was 8.0.
	liquor, red/blush wine
	citrus fruit, other vegetables, soda, fruit/vegetable juice
	tropical fruit, other vegetables, whole milk, yogurt, oil
	citrus fruit, grapes, fruit/vegetable juice
	other vegetables, whole milk, yogurt, rice 

4. Please list the 5 rules you found that you think are the most interesting.
The rules that I thought were interesting were.
	Hard Cheese and oil usually meant someone would buy other vegetables.
	Tropical Fruit, butter, and white bread usually meant someone was going to buy yogurt.
	Whipped Cream, bakery products and napkins often meant someone would buy whole milk.
	Pork, rolls, and waffles usually led to whole milk.
	Tropical Fruit and herbs usually led to whole milk.

5. Please describe anything else you did for this assignment
Nothing else.


6. Please select the category you feel best describes your assignment:
A - Some attempt was made
B - Developing, but signficantly deficient
C - Slightly deficient, but still mostly adequate
D - Meets requirements
E - Shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements

D

7. Provide a brief justification (1-2 sentences) for selecting that category.
Because I met the requirements, I did think it was interesting.
