When your assignment is complete, please answer the questions in this text file
and upload it to I-Learn.

1. Please provide the URL of your public GitHub repository.
	https://github.com/alanxoc3/iris-machine-learning

2. Briefly describe your overall approach to the task and highlight the most
difficult part of this assignment.
	There were two difficult parts. One was understanding and implementing the
	Knn algorithm. The other was figuring out a parsing bug that I had in my
	program.

3. Briefly describe how you handled the distance between nominal attributes.
	I just changed them to sequential numbers. The nominal attributes in the car
	data set seemed like they could easily be changed into sequential numbers (low,
	med, high... etc). In the car data set, these sequences all ranged from 0 to 3

4. Briefly describe your process for handling numeric data on different scales
(i.e., normalizing).
	I made the mins and the maxes line up. But only did so through the file parsing.
	So the attributes that had only three possibilities, I gave 0, 1.5, and 3.
	While the attributes that had four possibilities had 0, 1, 2, or 3.

5. Describe your results for the Iris data set. (For example, what level of
accuracy did you see for different values of K? How did your implementation
compare to existing implementations?)
	With a "k" of 1 and 3, the average was 92% accuracy. But with a "k" of 11, the
	average was 95.5% accuracy.

	That was taken from 10 runs for each k.

6. Describe your results for the Car data set. (For example, what level of
accuracy did you see for different values of K? How did your implementation
compare to existing implementations?)
	At first, I couldn't get above 35%, because I had a parsing bug. Once I
	finally fixed the parsing bug, I was able to average about 70% to 80% with my
	algorithm, changing the ks between 3 to 11.

	But the algorithm from the sklearn was much better. It would get above 90%
	on average.

7. Describe anything you did to go above and beyond the minimum standard
requirements.
	I just did the minimum.

8. Please select the category you feel best describes your assignment:
A - Some attempt was made
B - Developing, but signficantly deficient
C - Slightly deficient, but still mostly adequate
D - Meets requirements
E - Shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements
	C

9. Provide a brief justification (1-2 sentences) for selecting that category.
	So, the only thing that I didn't do was handling non-numeric data. I just
	converted both the files into numbers, with ranges (using vim!!!).
